Protect the forest.
Shinra-kun, are you okay?
Judging by your behavior, has it happened again?
Yes. There was a voice.
Protect the forest.
It said, "Protect the forest."
A voice? So it really is an Adolla Link?
Does the voice belong to the leader of the bandits?
Well, I don't know exactly what it is.
I heard it coming from the direction of the Tabernacle, though.
Don't tell me... ...it was coming from in there...
Everything I've had, I've lost,
but I won't let go of this remaining spark
No, I won't let it go, not ever
Though there may be no right answers in my ill-defined tale,
once I'm able to step forward...
They say something's wrong with me, but I'll do something with them
I'm not even sure what I'm supposed to be
But if my dreams have resolved themselves to be by your side
then there's nothing left for me to doubt anymore
Sparks fly as things kick off
until "black and white" turns to ashen gray
If there's a choice crown to be had
I want it, I want it I'll whizz my way toward you
until "double or nothing" gets zeroed out
If the clowns are melancholy
then nothing will get anywhere
I'll show you a love that burns hot enough to scorch ashes
I just spark again
"Episode 8: Smoldering Malevolence"
If you heard it coming from the Tabernacle,
does that mean that it uses an Adolla Burst, too?
Then again, the Tabernacle is an inorganic object.
Can it even perform a Link?
There, you see?
Those guys attack us unprovoked. There's no talking to them!
Scop...
...tell me more about the Tabernacle. How long has it been there?
The Tabernacle is something that was here before us,
which our benefactor fixed.
Benefactor?
It was shortly after the Great Cataclysm devastated the world 250 years ago.
One day, a lone traveler appeared.
It was a human woman, wrapped in a robe of pitch black.
This woman preached to us animals,
who were just waiting for death in this wasteland, and taught us how to speak.
Why have you come here, lady?
I came from beyond the spatial rift to once again recreate this world.
Now, you must be hungry, right?
Warm yourselves with this flame.
The flame that she produced was very warm,
and we soon noticed that our hunger was gone,
and our lives had been extended.
But then, one day...
...she repaired the abandoned Tabernacle,
and then disappeared.
It is because of the Tabernacle that this Oasis came about,
and we are still alive.
Yeah.
She is our benefactor. She may come back here someday.
Until that time, we will keep the Tabernacle safe.
Where did this woman go?
No one has seen her since that day.
Still, we cannot turn over to them the place where she will return!
Protect the forest.
The voice probably belongs to her.
Yeah, it is possible.
It's safe to say that the spot we singled out to investigate is the Tabernacle.
What on earth is the story there?
It's them!
A person?
A former person.
There are Infernals here, too?!
...Licht-san! ...Help me! ...It's a trap!
Shinra, go help Inspector Licht!
Yes, sir!
Licht-san!
He's dead!
Oof... Are you all right?
Huh? I thought I was dead.
Thank goodness! Lieutenant Pan's defensive buff was in time.
I don't even have a scratch.
That's incredible.
...He has friends. ...This time we're dead for sure!
Shinra, take Licht-san and get him back!
R-Right.
...The prayer! ...Yeah!
The flame is the soul's breath.
The black smoke is the soul's release.
Yoruba Spears!
Excalibur!
Látom.
Stay away! I don't taste good!
Damn, there are quite a few of them, huh?
Grr... How dare you defile our friends and the Oasis!
Give us back our Oasis!
Give us back the Tabernacle!
You guys okay?
Hu... mans... Who... are you...?
They can talk?!
Well, if moles can talk, why not?
Don't you even see us animals here?
Hey! You can hear me, right?!
We've seen an Infernal that can talk once before...
Why won't you look at me?
Stop... ignoring us animals!
Get them.
You guys need the creative energy of the Tabernacle?
If so, won't you consider living in harmony with the animals?
You say...
...that has the power of creation? Don't be ridiculous.
That was built... in order to destroy the world.
It is there... to destroy.
...Destroy... Destroy... Destroy...
...The Tabernacle is a weapon built to destroy the world? ...Destroy... Destroy... Destroy...
But Amaterasu in Tokyo isn't, right?
No, it actually does make some sense.
Dr. Giovani went to Vulcan's workshop to find the key to Amaterasu.
The objective of Dr. Giovani and the rest of the Evangelist's men
is to once again trigger a Great Cataclysm.
I'm not sure what it is they're after,
but they're out to destroy the world again.
And in order to achieve that goal, they'll need Amaterasu, right?
Then it's true that it really is a weapon of destruction?
No!
The Tabernacle that that woman created is no such thing!
Just look at this forest! This is all because of the Tabernacle!
Sure, she may have had a creepy face.
She would smile this eerie, devilish smile.
But when we were doomed to perish, she gave us language and life.
She gave us the Oasis.
Yeah, the voice I heard over the Adolla Link didn't sound like an evil one.
I believe what Scop is telling us.
Shinra...!
We are not going to let these guys...
...use the Tabernacle as a weapon of destruction!
The remaining tablets.
You have gathered them all?
Now we can initialize the weapon of destruction.
Good! The day of our souls' release draws near!
Let us face the time of our end together!
At last, we will be freed from the suffering of these flames.
Ah, Tempe-sama!
Tempe-sama!
We have human intruders!
What did you say? Humans, all the way out here?
All of you, the time has come for you to do one last labor for me!
We will not allow anyone to interfere.
I will only grant unto those who served me in this life
repose and glory in the world after death!
Labor, labor, labor, labor, kill those who stand in our way,
and demonstrate your devotion to me.
Labor for me, kneel down before me, and bow down your heads to me!
That is the path to salvation!
The only means of being released from these burning bodies!
...For thee! ...For thee!
...return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
Let's take a moment to sort out our situation.
According to our investigation so far,
they appear to want to use the Tabernacle to destroy the world.
But, since they haven't actually executed their plan,
it's possible that there is something else that they require.
Scop, is there anything else you can tell us? Anything might help.
Hmm... Let's see...
Come to think of it, I saw them collecting those stone tablets.
Oh, I saw that, too.
Stone tablets?
They have gathered a number of them, huh?
They probably have quite a few of them by now.
Are these tablets some sort of key that will activate the Tabernacle's power?
Who knows? But I can tell you for sure
that the Infernals' leader instructed them to collect the tablets.
The guy has terrifying horns growing out of his head like this.
Huh?!
...He has horns? ...There's a demon Infernal here?
Demon?
If there's a demon here, that changes things an awful lot.
"Translation: Hmm..."
What, are they that bad?
I read the reports.
It takes a ridiculous amount of firepower to put one to rest, right?
It's impossible for us to put one to rest with our numbers.
I guess all we can do now is turn back.
If there's a demon here, it will be impossible to take control here.
However, we can't ignore the fact that they're trying to trigger a Cataclysm
by blowing up the Tabernacle.
Licht-san, do you have any ideas about how to defeat this demon?
Hmm, last time, it was a miracle that we got enough personnel together
and all worked together to finally put that one to rest.
In any event, it would take enough firepower to blow this whole forest away.
What?! Nothing doing!
Just a minute. I thought we were here to survey the Tabernacle, right?
Why are we talking about putting this demon to rest?
But we have to put a stop to their plans!
Besides, even if we can't put him to rest, we can at least slow him down.
We'll keep the demon occupied, and the rest of you can survey the Tabernacle.
Disrupting things is my strong point.
I'll lay out the mission.
A team will go inside the Tabernacle,
while Shinra and Ogun use their mobility to divert the demon's attention.
Arthur, Tamaki, Juggernaut, you'll stand guard.
...Yes, sir...Yes, sir.
Meanwhile, Inspector Licht and I will investigate the Tabernacle.
You're sure you can't drive them off?
We've already come this far.
We'll put a stop to the Infernals' plans.
But we can't defeat the demon. Defeating the demon is too hard.
Don't worry, Scop.
I'll take back the Oasis for you.
Shinra...
I'll also defeat that demon for you. I'm a hero, after all!
A hero!
There's the entrance to the Tabernacle.
There's nobody around.
All right, we're going in now, while we can.
Well?
We had a quick look around, but there's no sign of the demon or other Infernals.
Things were quiet all the way into the inner chambers.
They were? That works just fine for me. Change of plans.
Shinra, Ogun, Tamaki, and Juggernaut, you stand guard outside.
Arthur, you're with us, just in case anything happens in here.
...Roger...Roger.
All right, split up.
...Shh! ...Shh!
Idiot!
Sorry, force of habit.
The state of things inside is incredibly good.
You wouldn't think this place was 250 years old.
Of course, dummy. We've been keeping it clean this whole time.
These must be the tablets you mentioned.
What are these numbers?
It's a trap?!
Hey...
They're behind us, too.
We're surrounded.
You fell for it. You must be the humans who are intruding.
These Infernals set a trap for us? Do they really have that much intelligence?
Shinra, over there!
...Horns...A demon.
Wh-Wh-What do we do? We have to run!
The lieutenant and the others are still inside! You want to leave them there?!
You are barbarians, violating our sacred ground.
The only thing we can do is buy some time.
We can't let them inside, no matter what!
Kill those who stand in our way!
Why are they all coming after me?!
This is our sacred ground! We will not allow all of you to violate it!
Violate?
This place was the animals' Oasis!
You don't get to say anything when you encroached on this place first!
Couldn't you have coexisted?!
Coexist?
What you call the Tabernacle is a weapon of destruction!
There is no point in re-growing this forest!
I will burn all of it down!
Why are you trying to destroy everything?!
So that I can go to Heaven!
Ah! Don't ruin the forest!
Sorry!
So you can go to Heaven?
What do you mean by that?
For the 250 years since the Great Cataclysm,
I have wandered, unable to die.
I want to die!
I need the firepower it would take to blow up the Tabernacle for me to die.
And with a being such as myself dying,
I will require those in Heaven who will look after my needs.
Now, the aftershock from the explosion may also blow away your seaport,
but I will let those who live there serve me in the afterlife as well.
Oh, Tempe-sama!
We will follow you anywhere!
Will you join me in going to the afterlife?
I can have you serve me in some position or other in the afterlife.
Tempe-sama, all I can do is grow potatoes.
You want to serve him?!
You're trying to drag all of this down with you just so you can die?
Screw you, man! You go ahead and die on your own!
No, it's no easy matter for him to die.
Huh?
He's right. It's going to take at least as much firepower to kill a demon
as it would take to blow up this whole forest.
Oh, no... So you're saying we have to lose the forest?
What do we do with a demon that we can't put to rest?
There's nothing else we can do with him!
We have no choice but to fight!
What do you think you are doing?
Tempe's Holy Light!
For thee!
This is the blessing of light granted to those who perish with me!
Shinra!
That demon is too much for us to defeat on our own!
All we can do is buy time, like we planned!
Just buying time isn't good enough! If we don't stop him here,
he's gonna use the Tabernacle and we'll all wind up dead!
The town will be blown up, too!
Yeah! The potato fields will be turned into hot potatoes!
There are bigger things to worry about than potatoes!
Yes, but still...
Survey the Tabernacle, and put this demon to rest.
Those are the only things that we have to do.
Guys, let's pour all of the firepower we have right now into this guy!
...Yeah...You got it!
If you oppose me, your status in Heaven will drop down.
Who cares?!
Still...
...how are we going to put him to rest with the people we have on hand?
What can we do to produce Captain Shinmon levels of firepower?
The Adolla Link. If I can gain the Evangelist's Grace,
that might be enough to put this demon to rest.
No, the Evangelist is our enemy.
Besides, there's no way I can get any Grace out here in this frontier land.
Moreover, Lieutenant Pan and the others might be returning at any minute.
Once they do, I can get a power-up buff...
What is it, Kusakabe?
Was that... an Adolla Link?
What do we do?
My Excalibur can get us out of here in no time.
We're letting Shinra-kun and the others handle things outside.
We should continue our investigation.
You're right.
I have to say, I'm not sure what exactly these number sequences represent.
They keep going on that way.
Could it be some kind of code?
No. If it were a code, there would be some degree of regularity to them.
But from what I can see, this number sequence is all but irregular.
Caw! We've seen these before, too. They don't mean anything, do they?
Even if they don't mean anything to us,
it's safe to say that they meant something to whoever made these.
There are numbers up there, too.
They're all over the place.
Random number sequences.
...It will be quite a chore figuring out what these are. ..."Yoshiro, eat some meat" [44929917].
"Hurry and give me a banana" [87788990].
"Snacks by twos and ones" [34102515].
This is pi, right?
"To be continued"
...Huh? ...Huh?
Most incidences have their own name
But no one knows and I'm upside down
Billions of people exist
But not anybody tells me what that is
Sacrificing my limited life Am I moving forward or not
I just want to believe Nothing goes to waste
I question myself Why I can't be who I want to be
tangled and translucent It drains me
Pretending and overextending myself
Wish one day I could love pathetic myself
Hoping for a dazzling future to come
Don't over decorate smile clumsily
Just live life the way I am This world is cruel
Can't choose how to be born
Stick up the middle finger then
Let's shoot off to the other side
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
Arthur-san and the others inside the Tabernacle
arrive at last at the central core.
There, they hear an eerie pulse echoing.
This sound is a little bit scary.
Is there something alive inside?
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 9, "The Core." "Episode 9: The Core"
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org